okay so this is gamut 360 1 i'm going to
show you how to put a windows vista on
your PS game first your go to link in
the description if you look something
like this one go ahead and put download
file press this is a family then it says
you want to open or save this file you
can go ahead and put save and give it to
where you save it to wait I'm going to
put castle the way we have it so if you
get that it says PSP w XP so zip folder
10 right click six threats off and then
click next next and since I don't want
to check out today I would have it and
put pencil but you're going to put next
so so you should file a bit it's called
the PSP exp gonna click on that then you
get that folder so you want to go ahead
and put that down and all you want to
connect your your PSP so connected USB
cable
okay so now when will USB connection
then let's pop up I'm go ahead and open
folder to view files next pop-up so just
leave that like that you go press down
on it now you want to get that Boulder
that the one that actually says peace be
w SP so as to extract the folder click
on it you get that folder drag this
folder onto both of your PSP so just
drop it right there then it starts to
download okay so it's right now it's
about to finish it's still down onto my
PFE so just little it so 15 to them
remaining it's gonna be done really
quick
through ok so now it's time yeah the PSP
do XP folder and your PSP ok so now ok
so now you can go ahead and go to your
PSP disconnect your your cable even a
little internet explorer you see ok so
in the address bar you just want to type
in this turn off you can see it though
okay so you just want to type in that
right there you kept it so you want to
write that file colon slash PSP 3xp /
index dot HTM so once you put a file in
your PSP type in that in your internet
browser file oh yeah so I'll random you
want her to start oh yeah so 100 tools
bleep cats well don't forget it go to
settings view settings right now cat
settings at the bottom and press and put
the cat's eyes to do not use okay so you
just want to tap that in file colon
slash psp2 you XP / in X dot HTM so just
put that and then press Start there you
go when you got windows just on your PSP
works really cool it takes quite a while
to to load pretty much we do a lot of
stuff you could change the game to your
windows like that so i hope i helped and
for a lot of people mostly get contact
not be the space because sometimes they
misspell this
or when they get their folder they
dragged the just hold on to it but
you're not possible disco Stu